http://www.asteriskdocs.org/en/3rd_Edition/asterisk-book-html-chunk/ACD_id289009.html

Event	Information provided
ABANDON	Written when a caller in a queue hangs up before his call is answered by an agent. Three parameters are provided for ABANDON: the position of the caller at hangup, the original position of the caller when entering the queue, and the amount of time the caller waited prior to hanging up.
ADDMEMBER	Written when a member is added to the queue. The bridged channel name will be populated with the name of the channel added to the queue.
AGENTDUMP	Indicates that the agent hung up on the caller while the queue announcement was being played, prior to them being bridged together.
AGENTLOGIN	Recorded when an agent logs in. The bridged channel field will contain something like Agent/9994 if logging in with chan_agent, and the first parameter field will contain the channel logging in (e.g., SIP/0000FFFF0001).
AGENTLOGOFF	Logged when an agent logs off, along with a parameter indicating how long the agent was logged in for.
COMPLETEAGENT	Recorded when a call is bridged to an agent and the agent hangs up, along with parameters indicating the amount of time the caller was held in the queue, the length of the call with the agent, and the original position at which the caller entered the queue.
COMPLETECALLER	Same as COMPLETEAGENT, except the caller hung up and not the agent.
CONFIGRELOAD	Indicates that the queue configuration was reloaded (e.g., via module reload app_queue.so).
CONNECT	Written when the caller and the agent are bridged together. Three parameters are also written: the amount of time the caller waited in the queue, the unique ID of the queue member’s channel to which the caller was bridged, and the amount of time the queue member’s phone rang prior to being answered.
ENTERQUEUE	Written when a caller enters the queue. Two parameters are also written: the URL (if specified) and the caller ID of the caller.
EXITEMPTY	Written when the caller is removed from the queue due to a lack of agents available to answer the call (as specified by the leavewhenempty parameter). Three parameters are also written: the position of the caller in the queue, the original position at which the caller entered the queue, and the amount of time the caller was held in the queue.
EXITWITHKEY	Written when the caller exits the queue by pressing a single DTMF key on his phone to exit the queue and continue in the dialplan (as enabled by the context parameter in queues.conf). Four parameters are recorded: the key used to exit the queue, the position of the caller in the queue upon exit, the original position the caller entered the queue at, and the amount of time the caller was waiting in the queue.
EXITWITHTIMEOUT	Written when the caller is removed from the queue due to timeout (as specified by the timeout parameter to Queue()). Three parameters are also recorded: the position the caller was in when exiting the queue, the original position of the caller when entering the queue, and the amount of time the caller waited in the queue.
PAUSE	Written when a queue member is paused.
PAUSEALL	Written when all members of a queue are paused.
UNPAUSE	Written when a queue member is unpaused.
UNPAUSEALL	Written when all members of a queue are unpaused.
PENALTY	Written when a member’s penalty is modified. The penalty can be changed through several means, such as the QUEUE_MEMBER_PENALTY() function, through using Asterisk Manager Interface, or the Asterisk CLI commands.
REMOVEMEMBER	Written when a queue member is removed from the queue. The bridge channel field will contain the name of the member removed from the queue.
RINGNOANSWER	Logged when a queue member is rung for a period of time, and the timeout value for ringing the queue member is exceeded. A single parameter will also be written indicating the amount of time the member’s extension rang.
TRANSFER	Written when a caller is transferred to another extension. Additional parameters are also written, which include: the extension and context the caller was transferred to, the hold time of the caller in the queue, the amount of time the caller was speaking to a member of the queue, and the original position of the caller when he entered the queue.[a]
SYSCOMPAT	Recorded if an agent attempts to answer a call, but the call cannot be set up due to incompatibilities in the media setup.

////////////////////

https://wiki.asterisk.org/wiki/display/AST/Queue+Logs

Queue log event types
These are the events (and associated information) in the queue log:

ABANDON(position|origposition|waittime) - The caller abandoned their position in the queue. The position is the caller's position in the queue when they hungup, the origposition is the original position the caller was when they first entered the queue, and the waittime is how long the call had been waiting in the queue at the time of disconnect.
ADDMEMBER - A member was added to the queue. The bridged channel name will be populated with the name of the channel added to the queue.
AGENTDUMP - The agent dumped the caller while listening to the queue announcement.
AGENTLOGIN(channel) - The agent logged in. The channel is recorded.
AGENTCALLBACKLOGIN(exten@context) - The callback agent logged in. The login extension and context is recorded.
AGENTLOGOFF(channel|logintime) - The agent logged off. The channel is recorded, along with the total time the agent was logged in.
AGENTCALLBACKLOGOFF(exten@context|logintime|reason) - The callback agent logged off. The last login extension and context is recorded, along with the total time the agent was logged in, and the reason for the logoff if it was not a normal logoff (e.g., Autologoff, Chanunavail)
 
ATTENDEDTRANSFER(method|method-data|holdtime|calltime|origposition) - (Added in 12) This message will indicate the method by which the attended transfer was completed:BRIDGE for a bridge merge, APP for running an application on a bridge or channel, or LINK for linking two bridges together with local channels.
 
BLINDTRANSFER(extension|context|holdtime|calltime|origposition) - (Added in 12) A blind transfer will result in a BLINDTRANSFER message with the destination context and extension.
COMPLETEAGENT(holdtime|calltime|origposition) - The caller was connected to an agent, and the call was terminated normally by the agent. The caller's hold time and the length of the call are both recorded. The caller's original position in the queue is recorded in origposition.
COMPLETECALLER(holdtime|calltime|origposition) - The caller was connected to an agent, and the call was terminated normally by the caller. The caller's hold time and the length of the call are both recorded. The caller's original position in the queue is recorded in origposition.
CONFIGRELOAD - The configuration has been reloaded (e.g. with asterisk -rx reload)
CONNECT(holdtime|bridgedchanneluniqueid|ringtime) - The caller was connected to an agent. Hold time represents the amount of time the caller was on hold. The bridged channel unique ID contains the unique ID of the queue member channel that is taking the call. This is useful when trying to link recording filenames to a particular call in the queue. Ringtime represents the time the queue members phone was ringing prior to being answered.
ENTERQUEUE(url|callerid) - A call has entered the queue. URL (if specified) and Caller*ID are placed in the log.
EXITEMPTY(position|origposition|waittime) - The caller was exited from the queue forcefully because the queue had no reachable members and it's configured to do that to callers when there are no reachable members. The position is the caller's position in the queue when they hungup, the origposition is the original position the caller was when they first entered the queue, and the waittime is how long the call had been waiting in the queue at the time of disconnect.
EXITWITHKEY(key|position|origposition|waittime) - The caller elected to use a menu key to exit the queue. The key and the caller's position in the queue are recorded. The caller's entry position and amoutn of time waited is also recorded.
EXITWITHTIMEOUT(position|origposition|waittime) - The caller was on hold too long and the timeout expired. The position in the queue when the timeout occurred, the entry position, and the amount of time waited are logged.
QUEUESTART - The queueing system has been started for the first time this session.
REMOVEMEMBER - A queue member was removed from the queue. The bridge channel field will contain the name of the member removed from the queue.
RINGNOANSWER(ringtime) - After trying for ringtime ms to connect to the available queue member, the attempt ended without the member picking up the call. Bad queue member!
RINGCANCELED - A caller is ringing a queue member, but that caller hangs up before the member answers or times out.
SYSCOMPAT - A call was answered by an agent, but the call was dropped because the channels were not compatible.
TRANSFER(extension|context|holdtime|calltime|origposition) - Caller was transferred to a different extension. Context and extension are recorded. The caller's hold time and the length of the call are both recorded, as is the caller's entry position at the time of the transfer. PLEASE remember that transfers performed by SIP UA's by way of a reinvite may not always be caught by Asterisk and trigger off this event. The only way to be 100% sure that you will get this event when a transfer is performed by a queue member is to use the built-in transfer functionality of Asterisk.